Nevi/wrangler-resource-provisioning (#19832)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-02-14-automatic-resource-provisioning-beta.mdx

---

> title: Automatically provision Cloudflare resources when deploying a Worker with Wrangler (Beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Automatically provision storage and databases when deploying a Worker with Wrangler (Beta)
```
